; this script creates the hardlinks for merged binaries
; it must be executed in the directory where the merged binaries are

makelink from atktopbm to pbmmerge hard
makelink from brushtopbm to pbmmerge hard
makelink from cmuwmtopbm to pbmmerge hard
makelink from g3topbm to pbmmerge hard
makelink from icontopbm to pbmmerge hard
makelink from gemtopbm to pbmmerge hard
makelink from macptopbm to pbmmerge hard
makelink from mgrtopbm to pbmmerge hard
makelink from pbmclean to pbmmerge hard
makelink from pbmlife to pbmmerge hard
makelink from pbmmake to pbmmerge hard
makelink from pbmmask to pbmmerge hard
makelink from pbmpscale to pbmmerge hard
makelink from pbmreduce to pbmmerge hard
makelink from pbmtext to pbmmerge hard
makelink from pbmto10x to pbmmerge hard
makelink from pbmto4425 to pbmmerge hard
makelink from pbmtoascii to pbmmerge hard
makelink from pbmtoatk to pbmmerge hard
makelink from pbmtobbnbg to pbmmerge hard
makelink from pbmtocmuwm to pbmmerge hard
makelink from pbmtoepsi to pbmmerge hard
makelink from pbmtoepson to pbmmerge hard
makelink from pbmtog3 to pbmmerge hard
makelink from pbmtogem to pbmmerge hard
makelink from pbmtogo to pbmmerge hard
makelink from pbmtoicon to pbmmerge hard
makelink from pbmtolj to pbmmerge hard
makelink from pbmtoln03 to pbmmerge hard
makelink from pbmtolps to pbmmerge hard
makelink from pbmtomacp to pbmmerge hard
makelink from pbmtomgr to pbmmerge hard
makelink from pbmtopi3 to pbmmerge hard
makelink from pbmtopk to pbmmerge hard
makelink from pbmtoplot to pbmmerge hard
makelink from pbmtoptx to pbmmerge hard
makelink from pbmtox10bm to pbmmerge hard
makelink from pbmtoxbm to pbmmerge hard
makelink from pbmtoybm to pbmmerge hard
makelink from pbmtozinc to pbmmerge hard
makelink from pbmupc to pbmmerge hard
makelink from pi3topbm to pbmmerge hard
makelink from pktopbm to pbmmerge hard
makelink from xbmtopbm to pbmmerge hard
makelink from ybmtopbm to pbmmerge hard
makelink from bioradtopgm to pgmmerge hard
makelink from fstopgm to pgmmerge hard
makelink from hipstopgm to pgmmerge hard
makelink from lispmtopgm to pgmmerge hard
makelink from pbmtopgm to pgmmerge hard
makelink from pgmbentley to pgmmerge hard
makelink from pgmcrater to pgmmerge hard
makelink from pgmedge to pgmmerge hard
makelink from pgmenhance to pgmmerge hard
makelink from pgmhist to pgmmerge hard
makelink from pgmkernel to pgmmerge hard
makelink from pgmnoise to pgmmerge hard
makelink from pgmnorm to pgmmerge hard
makelink from pgmoil to pgmmerge hard
makelink from pgmramp to pgmmerge hard
makelink from pgmtexture to pgmmerge hard
makelink from pgmtopbm to pgmmerge hard
makelink from pgmtofs to pgmmerge hard
makelink from pgmtolispm to pgmmerge hard
makelink from psidtopgm to pgmmerge hard
makelink from rawtopgm to pgmmerge hard
makelink from spottopgm to pgmmerge hard
makelink from fitstopnm to pnmmerge hard
makelink from giftopnm to pnmmerge hard
makelink from pnmalias to pnmmerge hard
makelink from pnmarith to pnmmerge hard
makelink from pnmcat to pnmmerge hard
makelink from pnmcomp to pnmmerge hard
makelink from pnmconvol to pnmmerge hard
makelink from pnmcrop to pnmmerge hard
makelink from pnmcut to pnmmerge hard
makelink from pnmdepth to pnmmerge hard
makelink from pnmenlarge to pnmmerge hard
makelink from pnmfile to pnmmerge hard
makelink from pnmflip to pnmmerge hard
makelink from pnmgamma to pnmmerge hard
makelink from pnminvert to pnmmerge hard
makelink from pnmhistmap to pnmmerge hard
makelink from pnmnlfilt to pnmmerge hard
makelink from pnmnoraw to pnmmerge hard
makelink from pnmpaste to pnmmerge hard
makelink from pnmrotate to pnmmerge hard
makelink from pnmscale to pnmmerge hard
makelink from pnmshear to pnmmerge hard
makelink from pnmtile to pnmmerge hard
makelink from pnmtoddif to pnmmerge hard
makelink from pnmtofits to pnmmerge hard
makelink from pnmtops to pnmmerge hard
makelink from pnmtorast to pnmmerge hard
makelink from pnmtosgi to pnmmerge hard
makelink from pnmtosir to pnmmerge hard
makelink from pnmtotiff to pnmmerge hard
makelink from pnmtoxwd to pnmmerge hard
makelink from rasttopnm to pnmmerge hard
makelink from sgitopnm to pnmmerge hard
makelink from sirtopnm to pnmmerge hard
makelink from tifftopnm to pnmmerge hard
makelink from xwdtopnm to pnmmerge hard
makelink from zeisstopnm to pnmmerge hard
makelink from bmptoppm to ppmmerge hard
makelink from gouldtoppm to ppmmerge hard
makelink from ilbmtoppm to ppmmerge hard
makelink from imgtoppm to ppmmerge hard
makelink from hpcdtoppm to ppmmerge hard
makelink from mtvtoppm to ppmmerge hard
makelink from pcxtoppm to ppmmerge hard
makelink from pgmtoppm to ppmmerge hard
makelink from pi1toppm to ppmmerge hard
makelink from picttoppm to ppmmerge hard
makelink from pjtoppm to ppmmerge hard
makelink from ppm3d to ppmmerge hard
makelink from ppmbrighten to ppmmerge hard
makelink from ppmchange to ppmmerge hard
makelink from ppmdim to ppmmerge hard
makelink from ppmdist to ppmmerge hard
makelink from ppmdither to ppmmerge hard
makelink from ppmflash to ppmmerge hard
makelink from ppmforge to ppmmerge hard
makelink from ppmhist to ppmmerge hard
makelink from ppmmake to ppmmerge hard
makelink from ppmmix to ppmmerge hard
makelink from ppmnorm to ppmmerge hard
makelink from ppmntsc to ppmmerge hard
makelink from ppmpat to ppmmerge hard
makelink from ppmquant to ppmmerge hard
makelink from ppmqvga to ppmmerge hard
makelink from ppmrelief to ppmmerge hard
makelink from ppmshift to ppmmerge hard
makelink from ppmspread to ppmmerge hard
makelink from ppmtoacad to ppmmerge hard
makelink from ppmtobmp to ppmmerge hard
makelink from ppmtogif to ppmmerge hard
makelink from ppmtoicr to ppmmerge hard
makelink from ppmtoilbm to ppmmerge hard
makelink from ppmtomap to ppmmerge hard
makelink from ppmtomitsu to ppmmerge hard
makelink from ppmtopcx to ppmmerge hard
makelink from ppmtopgm to ppmmerge hard
makelink from ppmtopi1 to ppmmerge hard
makelink from ppmtopict to ppmmerge hard
makelink from ppmtopj to ppmmerge hard
makelink from ppmtopjxl to ppmmerge hard
makelink from ppmtopuzz to ppmmerge hard
makelink from ppmtorgb3 to ppmmerge hard
makelink from ppmtosixel to ppmmerge hard
makelink from ppmtotga to ppmmerge hard
makelink from ppmtouil to ppmmerge hard
makelink from ppmtoxpm to ppmmerge hard
makelink from ppmtoyuv to ppmmerge hard
makelink from ppmtoyuvsplit to ppmmerge hard
makelink from qrttoppm to ppmmerge hard
makelink from rawtoppm to ppmmerge hard
makelink from rgb3toppm to ppmmerge hard
makelink from sldtoppm to ppmmerge hard
makelink from spctoppm to ppmmerge hard
makelink from sputoppm to ppmmerge hard
makelink from tgatoppm to ppmmerge hard
makelink from ximtoppm to ppmmerge hard
makelink from xpmtoppm to ppmmerge hard
makelink from xvminitoppm to ppmmerge hard
makelink from yuvtoppm to ppmmerge hard
makelink from yuvsplittoppm to ppmmerge hard
